It's been three days since the bomb started to fall
When the fighting got closer we hit
But I'm not sure how much longer we can stay here
Some in the congregation plan to leave the country
Mother says we'll try to when the shilling comes down, but it feels like it may never stop
Jehovah can you still see us?
Luda you can finish this we have a little more
Always writing like your father
Thank you grandma. No, you're worried about our brothers and sisters
Don't remember the days text
No weapon formed against you will have any success
That's right
When we were under ban
Satan did everything to break our faith
For decades
But he couldn't stop us preaching. You know why?
No
Nothing can take Jehovah's law away from his people
They tried but we just threw closer to him
Jehovah cared for us then
And he still does
Even if we lose our lives
That weapon will have no success because of the resurrection
Luda
It's time we have to go now
It took forever to get to the station
One by one trains left the city
There were so many people
so much fear
Many of the brothers were arrested because they would not fight
But a few were with us
The soldier will need to see your IDs. Let's make a line
Hours felt like days
I didn't know if we would get on
There's no more room from you back to the shelter now
We can try again tomorrow
This way, please
Jehovah will care for us. This is just a delay not a defeat
Come, please. I'll have to go check on the others
But I'll text you the moment we know more
What are you thinking about?
I wish Papa were here with us
I know you do
Your father knew you so well
I miss them too
When it hurts, I think of Jehovah's special promise
To care for us
Do you remember?
Yes
Psalms 68.5
A father of the fatherless
I want to trust him
You can
The trains have stopped
Shelling destroy some of the tracks
What?
Are we trapped?
Don't worry dear
But we just know we are here
Jehovah won't forget us
Let's pray
We're here. We're over here
Okay
I'm sorry it took so long
Did you hear about the trains?
Don't worry, there is good news
We couldn't leave
But brothers and sisters in a safe part of the city
Open their homes to us
I learned that a war can't stop Jehovah
He'll always find a way to care for his people
Nothing can take Jehovah's love away
I don't know where he will guide us
But I trust him